c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\PDFReaderLauncher.dll
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\PDFReaderLauncher.pdb
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\PDFReaderLauncher_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\obj\Debug\PDFReaderLauncher.g.resources
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\obj\Debug\PDFReaderLauncher.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\obj\Debug\PDFReaderLauncher.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\obj\Debug\PDFReaderLauncher.dll
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\obj\Debug\PDFReaderLauncher.pdb
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\konugantis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\Assets\file.pdf
C:\Users\konugantis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\WPCordovaClassLib.dll
C:\Users\konugantis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\Bin\Debug\WPCordovaClassLib.pdb
C:\Users\konugantis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PDFReaderLauncher\PDFReaderLauncher\obj\Debug\PDFReaderLauncher.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
